445: Covered the NoninterceptableInterface case by plugin inspection … (#448)
magento/magento2-phpstorm-plugin: CHANGELOG.md

## 3.0.4

### Fixed

> - Overriding the interface generates invalid php code
> - Overriding a template from the base area
> - Disabled an ability to create a plugin for a class that implements `NoninterceptableInterface`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Overriding the interface that generates invalid php code
- Overriding a template from the base area
- Disabled the ability to create a plugin for a class that implements `\Magento\Framework\ObjectManager\NoninterceptableInterface`
```
